contracts/prism-reward-distribution/README.md, before:

# Prism Reward Distribution

This contract provides functionality for distributing rewards appropriately to the [yasset-staking](/contracts/prism-yasset-staking), [yasset-staking-x](/contracts/prism-yasset-staking-x), and [collector](/contracts/prism-collector) contracts.  Delegator rewards from [prism-vault](/contracts/prism-vault) are converted to luna prior to distributing to y-asset stakers.  UST rewards from [prism-basset-vault](/contracts/prism-basset-vault) along with any airdrop rewards are distributed directly to the y-asset stakers.  Rewards are distributed pro-rata to the yasset-staking and the yasset-staking-x contracts.  Rewards from any unbonded y-assets are sent to the collector contract, along with a 10% protocol fee on any bonded y-assets.  All reward assets sent from the vault must be whitelisted.  

## ExecuteMsg:
  - **DistributeRewards**: Distribute our current balance of the input reward asset appropriately to the [yasset-staking](/contracts/prism-yasset-staking), [yasset-staking-x](/contracts/prism-yasset-staking-x), and [collector](/contracts/prism-collector) contracts.  
  - **WhitelistRewardAsset**: Add an asset to the list of supported reward assets.  Can only be called by governance contract.  

## QueryMsg:
  - **Config**: Retrieves contract configuration paraameters. 
  - **RewardAssetWhitelist**: Query whitelisted reward assets.

Commit message:

update several README files and make distribute_rewards permissionless

contracts/prism-reward-distribution/README.md, after:

# Prism Reward Distribution

This contract provides functionality for distributing rewards appropriately to the [yasset-staking](/contracts/prism-yasset-staking), [yasset-staking-x](/contracts/prism-yasset-staking-x), and [collector](/contracts/prism-collector) contracts.  Delegator rewards from [prism-vault](/contracts/prism-vault) are converted to luna prior to distributing to y-asset stakers.  UST rewards from [prism-basset-vault](/contracts/prism-basset-vault) along with any airdrop rewards are distributed directly to the y-asset stakers.  Rewards are distributed pro-rata to the yasset-staking and the yasset-staking-x contracts.  Rewards from any unbonded y-assets are sent to the collector contract, along with a 10% protocol fee on any bonded y-assets.  All reward assets sent from the vault must be whitelisted.  

## ExecuteMsg:
  - **DistributeRewards**: Distribute our current balance of the input reward asset appropriately to the [yasset-staking](/contracts/prism-yasset-staking), [yasset-staking-x](/contracts/prism-yasset-staking-x), and [collector](/contracts/prism-collector) contracts.  Permissionless. 
  - **WhitelistRewardAsset**: Add an asset to the list of supported reward assets.  Owner-only.  
  - **RemoveRewardAsset**: Remove a whitelisted reward asset.  Owner-only.   
  - **Updateconfig**: Add an asset to the list of supported reward assets.  Owner-only.  

## QueryMsg:
  - **Config**: Retrieves contract configuration paraameters. 
  - **RewardAssetWhitelist**: Query whitelisted reward assets.
