contracts/prism-lp-staking/README.md, before:

# Prism LP Staking

This contract provides functionality for staking one of the supported lp tokens in return for PRISM reward tokens. The contract is initialized with a list of supported staking tokens and a distribution schedule which specifies the amount of PRISM that is to be pro-rata distributed to stakers over specific time intervals.  The staking tokens contain weights that specify how the proportion of the total PRISM tokens should be allocated for a given time interval.  

As an example, assume the distribution schedule is as follows:  
  Interval1 - 1 week, 1M tokens distributed  
  Interval2 - 1 week, 2M tokens distributed  

And we've configured two staking tokens (LP1 and LP2) with the following weights:  
  LP1 - weight = 1  
  LP2 - weight = 2  

For Interval1, 1/3 of the 1M PRISM tokens will be ditributed to LP1 stakers, and 2/3 of the 1M PRISM tokens will be distributed to LP2 stakers.  Similar logic for Interval2, but the number of PRISM tokens is 2M instead of 1M. 

## ExecuteMsg:
  - **Bond** (Cw20 receive hook): This method bonds lp tokens in return for LP rewards in the form of PRISM tokens.
  - **Unbond**: Unbond previously bonded lp tokens.  There is no unbonding period, the corresponding lp tokens are transferred back to the user immediately.
  - **ClaimRewards**: Computes rewards for a given user and lp token and sends those rewards to the user.   

## QueryMsg:
  - **Config**: Retrives contract configuration.
  - **PoolInfo**: Retrieves pool info for the specified lp staking token.  This contains the weight for this lp token, the total bonded amount, and information related to reward computations.  
  - **StakerInfo**: Retrieves staking information for a given staker.  This includes bond amounts for all of the tokens that this user has staked, along with any pending unclaimed rewards.  
  - **TokenStakersInfo**: Retrieves StakerInfo for every staker of a given lp token.

Commit message:

LP Staking updates (#32)
* lp_staking: new operations to manage staking tokens

* add back recent changes to LP staking

* update lp staking README

* fix total weight calc inside update_staking_token

* add several lp-staking unit tests

* remove accidental println commit

Co-authored-by: Rick Benson <rbenson@jumptrading.com>

contracts/prism-lp-staking/README.md, after:

# Prism LP Staking

This contract provides functionality for staking one of the supported lp tokens in return for PRISM reward tokens. The contract is initialized with a list of supported staking tokens and a distribution schedule which specifies the amount of PRISM that is to be pro-rata distributed to stakers over specific time intervals. The staking tokens contain weights that specify how the proportion of the total PRISM tokens should be allocated for a given time interval.

As an example, assume the distribution schedule is as follows:  
 Interval1 - 1 week, 1M tokens distributed  
 Interval2 - 1 week, 2M tokens distributed

And we've configured two staking tokens (LP1 and LP2) with the following weights:  
 LP1 - weight = 1  
 LP2 - weight = 2

For Interval1, 1/3 of the 1M PRISM tokens will be ditributed to LP1 stakers, and 2/3 of the 1M PRISM tokens will be distributed to LP2 stakers. Similar logic for Interval2, but the number of PRISM tokens is 2M instead of 1M.

## ExecuteMsg:

- **UpdateOwner** (Owner operation): Allows the owner to assign a new owner address.
- **AddDistributionSchedule** (Owner operation): This method allows the owner to add a new schedule item to the configuration.
- **RegisterStakingToken** (Owner operation): This method allows the owner to register a new staking token with a spcefici lock_period and weight.
- **UpdateStakingToken** (Owner operation): This method allows the owner update the weight or lock_period for an already registered staking token.
- **Bond** (Cw20 receive hook): This method bonds lp tokens in return for LP rewards in the form of PRISM tokens.
- **Unbond**: Unbond previously bonded lp tokens. There is no unbonding period, the corresponding lp tokens are transferred back to the user immediately.
- **ClaimRewards**: Computes rewards for a given user and lp token and sends those rewards to the user.
- **AutoStakeHook**: Hook that any user can call to stake the tokens previously sent to the staking contract. This message would normally be executed in the same TX after providing liquidity, assigning staking contract as the receiver of the newly minted LP tokens.

## QueryMsg:

- **Config**: Retrives contract configuration.
- **PoolInfo**: Retrieves pool info for the specified lp staking token. This contains the weight for this lp token, the total bonded amount, and information related to reward computations.
- **StakerInfo**: Retrieves staking information for a given staker. This includes bond amounts for all of the tokens that this user has staked, along with any pending unclaimed rewards.
- **TokenStakersInfo**: Retrieves StakerInfo for every staker of a given lp token.
